fix: update broken links (#265)
matter-labs/zksync-docs: content/10.zk-stack/10.components/70.compiler/20.specification/70.binary-layout.md

Currently either the hash is computed as `keccak256`, or it is omitted completely.

> - [Definition of metadata hash.](https://github.com/matter-labs/era-compiler-solidity/blob/main/era-compiler-solidity/src/project/contract/metadata.rs)

Reviewer: This is the definition of metadata hash *preimage*, not the hash itself.

> - [Definition of metadata hash.](https://github.com/matter-labs/era-compiler-solidity/blob/main/era-compiler-solidity/src/project/contract/metadata.rs)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Definition of metadata hash.](https://github.com/matter-labs/era-compiler-solidity/blob/main/docs/src/02-command-line-interface.md#--metadata)
```

> - [Front-end code that passes hash to the assembly.](https://github.com/matter-labs/era-compiler-solidity/blob/main/era-compiler-solidity/src/project/contract/mod.rs#L106)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Front-end code that passes hash to the assembly.](https://github.com/matter-labs/era-compiler-solidity/blob/main/docs/src/02-command-line-interface.md#--metadata-hash)
```

> - [Front-end code that passes hash to the assembly.](https://github.com/matter-labs/era-compiler-solidity/blob/main/era-compiler-solidity/src/project/contract/mod.rs#L106)

Reviewer: Not to the *assembly*, but simply further down the compilation pipeline.
